migrate code from googleapis/python-video-live-stream (#10200)
GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples: video/live-stream/README.md

# Live Stream API Python Samples

This directory contains samples for the Live Stream API. Use this API to
transcode live, linear video streams into a variety of formats. The Live Stream
API benefits broadcasters, production companies, businesses, and individuals
looking to transform their live video content for use across a variety of user
devices. For more information, see the
[Live Stream API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/livestream/).

## Setup

To run the samples, you need to first follow the steps in
[Before you begin](https://cloud.google.com/livestream/docs/how-to/before-you-begin).

For more information on authentication, refer to the
[Authentication Getting Started Guide](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started).

## Install Dependencies

> 1. Clone python-video-live-stream and change directories to the sample directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone python-docs-samples repository and change directories to the sample directory
```

you want to use.

>         $ git clone https://github.com/googleapis/python-video-live-stream.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $ git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples.git
```
